> **Under construction**. This page is unfinished. Many headings just have some bullet points sketching the main points that should be discussed.

# DOM elements
* Elmish itself is agnostic
* `elmish-html` - separate library
* autogenerated

## Props
* passing record subset
* same as React props. In fact, going straight to React

## <a name="atomic-css"></a>Atomic CSS support

If you prefer Bootstrap for styling (or another atomic CSS library), you could use it exactly the same way you would in React - by passing in a `className` prop. For example:

```haskell
H.div { className: "border bg-light" }
[ ...
, H.button { className: "btn btn-primary px-4", onClick: dispatch ButtonClicked } "Click me!"
]
```

But we found that this quickly becomes quite inconvenient. So the `elmish-html` library provides an alternative module `Elmish.HTML.Styled`, which exports alternative versions of all elements taking the CSS class as first parameter:

```haskell
import Elmish.HTML.Styled as H

...

H.div "border bg-light"
[ ...
, H.button "btn btn-primary px-4" "Click me!"
]
```

This scheme is somewhat inspired by the [HAML templates](https://haml.info/), which for the example above would look something like this:

```haml
%div.border.bg-light
  ...
  %button.btn.btn-primary.px-4 Click me!
```

We find this much more convenient in practice, but of course it's stricly optional. And you can also mix and match as you wish.

> **Q**: ok, but what if I need to pass other props, besides `className`?

To facilitate this, every element in `Elmish.HTML.Styled` has two versions - e.g. `button` and `button_` (note the underscore). The former just takes CSS class as parameter, while the latter

## Event handlers
* A work in progress, not good API
* EffectFn1
* <| and <?| helpers
* Use `readForeign` to get at properties
* In extreme cases, use `unsafeCoerce` with care
